This semester, we completed units on looping, conditionals, functions, and data structures including lists, sets, and dictionaries. In addition, we completed a statistics-related unit on simulations and plotting. The projects this semester included simulating the game of craps and completing a larger partner project on simulating customer service at a bank.

Cathy, I am concerned with your progress this semester. Your average problem set score was in the B range at 84% as a few of your problem sets weren't fully completed, and some of your solutions failed to take into account certain situations (e.g. a negative input, decimal input, or an input of zero). I encourage you to pay closer attention to problem instructions, and to email me if you ever need an extension. I have absolute faith you can bring your problem set scores to the B+ or A range if you do these things. Your chapter test average was 86%, which indicated that you had difficulty synthesizing enough of the material in order to write logical algorithms by hand without the use of outside resources like the internet or classmates. But these tests improved throughout the semester, which is a great indication. 

On your bank customer service simulation partner project, you received an 82% as a few of your functions weren't fully completed, and some were ineffective in certain situations (e.g. a negative input, decimal input, or an input of zero). Reviewing the project instructions and guidlines often, along with and asking for help if needed can help a lot with longer projects like this. 

Cathy, your final exam score was 75%. Your final showed a poor understanding of how to create, use and take advantage of functions, which is a critical and powerful learning goal for this class. Though many of your functions were ineffective, the thought process behind them (made easier to discover with your helpful docstrings!) was clever and efficient. More studying could have been helpful for you, but I appreciate your effort, Cathy. 

Your grade for the semester is a B. I look forward to your continued growth as a computer scientist next semester.