This semester, we completed units on looping, conditionals, functions, and data structures including lists, sets, and dictionaries. In addition, we completed a statistics-related unit on simulations and plotting. The projects this semester included simulating the game of craps and completing a larger partner project on simulating customer service at a bank.

Jack, I am pleased with your progress this semester. Your average problem set score was in the B+ range at 88% as a couple of your problem sets weren't fully completed, and some of your solutions failed to take into account certain situations (e.g. negatives, decimals, or inputs of zero). I encourage you to pay closer attention to problem instructions, and to email me if you ever need an extension. I have absolute faith you can bring your problem set scores to the A range if you work on these things. Your chapter test average was in the B+ range at 89% as a couple of your chapter tests weren't fully completed, and some of your solutions failed to take into account certain situations (e.g. negatives, decimals, or inputs of zero). Paying closer attention to problem instructions and asking for help if you get stuck can bring your average to the A range. 

On your bank customer service simulation partner project, you received a solid 90%! A couple functions were ineffective in certain situations (e.g. a negative input, decimal input, or an input of zero), but were on the whole well done! Reviewing the project instructions and guidlines often can help a lot with longer projects like this. Good job adding some comments when it wasn't clear what certain blocks of code were doing. 

Jack, your final exam score was an impressive 99%! Wow! Your final showed some really excellent work. Your final shows a clear understanding of how to create, use and take advantage of functions, which is a critical and powerful learning goal for this class. Your functions were efficient, easy to read and made good use of your functions within other functions so you did not repeat code. You are doing excellent work, Jack. 

Your grade for the semester is an A-. I look forward to your continued growth as a computer scientist next semester.