This semester, we completed units on looping, conditionals, functions, and data structures including lists, sets, and dictionaries. In addition, we completed a statistics-related unit on simulations and plotting. The projects this semester included simulating the game of craps and completing a larger partner project on simulating customer service at a bank.

John, I am impressed by your progress this semester. Your steady improvement on problem sets along with the hard work you have been doing on studying is really paying off in some very strong coding! Your average problem set score was in the A+ range at an impressive 99%! Your solutions were highly efficient and thourough, including contingency plans for every condition (negatives, decimals, inputs of zero, and more) where other students often forgot to these into account. Your code was concise, neatly formatted, and full of detailed comments and docstrings, making for exemplary readability. Fantastic work! Your chapter test average was in the A+ range at an impressive 100%! Your solutions were highly efficient and thourough, including contingency plans for every condition (negatives, decimals, inputs of zero, and more) where other students often forgot to these into account. Your code was concise, neatly formatted, and full of detailed comments and docstrings, making for exemplary readability. Fantastic work! 

On your bank customer service simulation partner project, you received an impressive 99%! On this project, great job using functions to make your code modular and easier to read and follow! Good job adding some comments when it wasn't clear what certain blocks of code were doing. This was a unique and informative investigation. Great work! 

John, your final exam score was an impressive 100%! Wow! Your final showed some really excellent work. Your final shows a clear understanding of how to create, use and take advantage of functions, which is a critical and powerful learning goal for this class. Your functions were efficient, easy to read and made good use of your functions within other functions so you did not repeat code. You are doing excellent work, John. 

Your grade for the semester is an A. I look forward to your continued growth as a computer scientist next semester.