This semester, we completed units on looping, conditionals, functions, and data structures including lists, sets, and dictionaries. In addition, we completed a statistics-related unit on simulations and plotting. The projects this semester included simulating the game of craps and completing a larger partner project on simulating customer service at a bank.

Madison, I am pleased with your progress this semester. Your steady improvement on problem sets along with the hard work you have been doing on studying is really paying off in some very strong coding! Your average problem set score was in the A range at an impressive 95%! Your solutions were efficient and thourough, including contingency plans for negatives, decimals, and inputs of zero where other students often forgot to those situations into account. Keep up the good work!Your chapter test average was in the A- range at 91% as a couple solutions in each chapter test failed to account certain situations (e.g. negatives, decimals, or inputs of zero), but your chapter tests on the whole were well done! Paying closer attention to problem instructions and asking for help if you get stuck can bring your average to a solid A in no time! 

On your bank customer service simulation partner project, you received a solid 93%! A couple functions were ineffective in certain situations (e.g. a negative input, decimal input, or an input of zero), but were on the whole well done! Reviewing the project instructions and guidlines often can help a lot with longer projects like this. Good job adding some comments when it wasn't clear what certain blocks of code were doing. 

Madison, your final exam score was 93%. Your final showed some really nice work. Your final shows a good understanding of how to create, use and take advantage of functions, which is a critical and powerful learning goal for this class. Though some could have been more efficient, your functions were very effective and your frequent comments made them easy to read. You are doing great work, Madison. 

Your grade for the semester is an A- . I look forward to your continued growth as a computer scientist next semester.