This semester, we completed units on looping, conditionals, functions, and data structures including lists, sets, and dictionaries. In addition, we completed a statistics-related unit on simulations and plotting. The projects this semester included simulating the game of craps and completing a larger partner project on simulating customer service at a bank.

Matthew, I am pleased with your progress this semester. Your average problem set score was in the B- range at 82% as a few of your problem sets weren't fully completed, and many of your solutions failed to take into account certain situations (e.g. a negative input, decimal input, or an input of zero). I encourage you to pay close attention to the instructions for each problem, and to email me if you ever need an extension. I have absolute faith you can bring your problem set scores to the B+ or A range if you do these things. Your chapter test average was in the C+ range at 78% as a fair number of your chapter tests weren't fully completed, and many of your solutions failed to take into account certain situations (e.g. a negative input, decimal input, or an input of zero). Paying closer attention to problem instructions and asking for help if you get stuck can bring your average to the B or even A range. 

On your bank customer service simulation partner project, you received an 82% as a few of your functions weren't fully completed, and some were ineffective in certain situations (e.g. a negative input, decimal input, or an input of zero). Reviewing the project instructions and guidlines often, along with and asking for help if needed can help a lot with longer projects like this. 

Matthew, your final exam score was 81%. Your final showed some nice work, and a decent understanding of how to create, use and take advantage of functions, which is a critical and powerful learning goal for this class. Though many could have been more efficient, most of your functions were effective and your comments increased readibility well. A bit more studying could have been helpful for you, but good effort, Matthew. 

Your grade for the semester is a B-. I look forward to your continued growth as a computer scientist next semester.